Password SQL:- root

Beginning configuration step: Writing configuration file

Saving my.ini configuration file...
Saved my.ini configuration file.
Ended configuration step: Writing configuration file

Beginning configuration step: Updating Windows Firewall rules

Attempting to delete a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall delete rule name="Port 3306" protocol=TCP localport=3306

Deleted 1 rule(s).
Ok.


Adding a Windows Firewall rule for CollegeRecord on port 3306.
Attempting to add a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall add rule name="Port 3306" protocol=TCP localport=3306 dir=in action=allow
Ok.


Successfully added the Windows Firewall rule.
Attempting to delete a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall delete rule name="Port 33060" protocol=TCP localport=33060

Deleted 1 rule(s).
Ok.


Adding a Windows Firewall rule for CollegeRecord on port 33060.
Attempting to add a Windows Firewall rule with command: netsh.exe advfirewall firewall add rule name="Port 33060" protocol=TCP localport=33060 dir=in action=allow
Ok.


Successfully added the Windows Firewall rule.
Ended configuration step: Updating Windows Firewall rules

Beginning configuration step: Adjusting Windows service

Deleting existing service...
The existing service has been deleted.
Attempting to grant the required filesystem permissions to the 'NT AUTHORITY\NetworkService' account.
Granted permissions to the data directory.
Granted permissions to the install directory.
Adding new service
New service added
Ended configuration step: Adjusting Windows service

Beginning configuration step: Starting the server

Attempting to start service CollegeRecord...
MySQL Server - start.
C:\Program Files\MySQL\MySQL Server 8.4\bin\mysqld.exe (mysqld 8.4.0) starting as process 8264
InnoDB initialization has started.
InnoDB initialization has ended.
Starting XA crash recovery...
XA crash recovery finished.
CA certificate ca.pem is self signed.
Channel mysql_main configured to support TLS. Encrypted connections are now supported for this channel.
C:\Program Files\MySQL\MySQL Server 8.4\bin\mysqld.exe: ready for connections. Version: '8.4.0'  socket: ''  port: 3306  MySQL Community Server - GPL.
X Plugin ready for connections. Bind-address: '::' port: 33060
Successfully started service CollegeRecord.
Waiting until a connection to MySQL Server 8.4.0 can be established (with a maximum of 10 attempts)...
Retry 1: Attempting to connect to Mysql@localhost:3306 with user root with a password...
Successfully connected to MySQL Server 8.4.0.
Ended configuration step: Starting the server

Beginning configuration step: Updating the Start menu link

Attempting to verify command-line client shortcut.
Verified command-line client shortcut.
Verified command-line client shortcut.
Ended configuration step: Updating the Start menu link

